Dear Friend,

I am Barrister Peter Van Smith, a solicitor at law. I was the personal
attorney to Eng, John McPherson, a national of your country who used to 
work with an oil servicing company here in Amsterdam-Netherlands after
which be referred to as my client. 
Eng, John McPherson 62 years of age made a fixed deposit of fund valued  at
USD$14,500,000 (Fourteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States
Dollars Only) with a Security Company/Finance Firm here in Europe and
unfortunately lost his life in an Egyptian charter plane Boeing 737 .
which crashed into the Red Sea early on January 3 shortly after taking off
from the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh, killing all the 135 passengers and 13 
crew members aboard, Ref: (View:
http://english.people.com.cn/200401/04/eng20040104_131791.shtml ). He left
no clear beneficiary as Next of Kin except 
some vital documents related to the deposit still in my possession.
 
Recently, the governing body of the Security Company/Finance Firm contacted
me on this matter, requesting that I should notify the next of kin of 
my late client to claim the funds and I am yet to provide the Next of Kin
to lay claims to the Fund. I know that my client had no living next of kin 
but I went ahead and made several inquiries to your embassy to locate any
of my late clients extended relatives but this has proved unsuccessful.
Under 
a clear and legitimate agreement with you, I seek your consent to present
you as the next so that my late client's fund will not be confiscated by 
the Security Company.
You and I can share the money, you will be entitled to 50% of the total
fund for your role as the relative and next of kin of my late client, 
40% for me while 10% is to be marked out for any expenses that will be
incurred during the clearance or process of transfer of the fund to your
bank
account. Be informed that there is no risk involved as all necessary legal
document which will be used to back you up as the legal beneficiary and 
next of kin of my late client will be procured.
 
All I require is your sincerity, honesty, co-operation and utmost good
faiths to enable us see this deal through. I guarantee that this will 
be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any
breach of the law. Kindly, get in touch with me by my e-mail
(capital@captal-investment.com) or telephone to enable us discuss further.
You may also send your telephone number so that I can call you. Do not 
forget that a transaction of this magnitude require utmost confidentiality
and sincerity. I look forward to your urgent response.
 
Thank you, 
Peter Van Smith
+31616729060



